xds: Add passive health check config for upstreams (aka envoy outlier detection) (#7713)
hashicorp/consul: website/pages/docs/connect/proxies/envoy.mdx

    since HTTP/2 has many requests per connection. For this configuration to be
    respected, a L7 protocol must be defined in the `protocol` field.

> - `passive_health_check` - Settings for the load balancer, used to remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `passive_health_check` - Settings for the proxy, used to remove
```

nit, but I would use the word proxy instead of load balancer so as not to introduce another noun into the mix
